# 04-01

When life's path is steep, keep your mind even.

# 04-02

The biggest risk is not taking any risk at all.

# 04-03

There's a song for every dream.

# 04-04

I should move on and seize the day.

# 04-05

You are not gone because you will always be in our hearts.

# 04-06

There's no place like home.

# 04-07

Sometimes we need to lose something before we can understand its value.

# 04-08

Don't be disappointed if there's not a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.

# 04-09

The only thing predictable about life is its unpredictability.

# 04-10

My personal failure has always strengthened my resolve to make things right.

# 04-11

People shouldn't have to live up to other people's expectations.

# 04-12

It is better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all.

# 04-13

The is a blessing in disguise.

# 04-14

Later, respectively, wander and suffer sorrow.

# 04-15

Faith is taking the first step when you can't see the staircase.

# 04-16

No detail is too small.

# 04-17

A real loser is somebody that's so afraid of not winning; they don't even try.

# 04-18

When you smile, the world lights up.

# 04-19

You can make a new start.

# 04-20

Don't postpone joy.

# 04-21

You can't have justice without truth.

# 04-22

You build your future. It isn't handed to you.

# 04-23

The house without books is like a mind without thoughts.

# 04-24

If you're committed enough, you can make any story work.

# 04-25

Nothing ventured, nothing gained.

# 04-26

Love bends the rules of possible.

# 04-27

Success is a mixture of preparation and luck.
