# 07-01

True love lasts a lifetime.

# 07-02

Every once in a while， you find someone who's iridescent.

# 07-03

Sacrifice leads and gains follow.

# 07-04

Adversity is a great teacher.

# 07-05

Home represents belonging.

# 07-06

The past is the past. We're observing the future.

# 07-07

Brains count for more than muscles.

# 07-08

I have to remind myself that some birds aren't mean to be caged. Their feathers are just too bright. And when they fly away, the part of you that knows it was a sin to lock them up does rejoice. But still, the place you live in is that much more drab and empty that they're gone. I guess I just miss my friend.

# 07-09

Our future is up to us.

# 07-10

Everything that has a begin has an end.

# 07-11

Don't let anyone rush you with their timelines.

# 07-12

People change and things work out.

# 07-13

You are what you love, not what loves you.

# 07-14

The fruit of overything good in life begins with a challenge.

# 07-15

You can focus on what is lost or you can fight for what is left.

# 07-16

Desperate times call for desperate measures.

# 07-17

Rest at the end, not in the middle.

# 07-18

A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.

# 07-19

You can't handle the truth!

# 07-20

Either you run the day or the day runs you.

# 07-21

Ease is a greater threat to progress than hardship.

# 07-22

If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.

# 07-23

Take a leap. Take a chance.

# 07-24

Goals without actions are just wishes.

# 07-25

The key to acquiring proficiency in any task is repetition.

# 07-26

A promise tomorrow is worth a lot less than trying today.

# 07-27

Where there is life, there is hope.

# 07-28

A wise man lives with a purpose.

# 07-29

There's more honor in defeat than there is in unused potential.

# 07-30

The easiest way to reach goals is through daily and consistent small actions.

# 07-31

Love transcends all differences.